both by jean-claude ballatore and
philippe saint-andré gilles panzani a
known all ages of rugby club
toulonnais his stewardship role 26
years of fidelity a real character up
in delicate color tying and who does not
lack of talent look at them
go lataillade and eric foissac have
shared his daily
mounting paul 6/4
then or under their sheets the
players title dreams or sleep
coaches is troubled by the schemas
tactics
Gilles Panzani attacks a day
ordinary is complicated for me because
than to be handed over to john and to have a
activity also the signet ring within
Toulouse too so if I want I want
do both I sacrifice a little good
time and many even
players can sleep on their
two ears the equipment will be
ready the smallest details settled and
early 90 the panu lahoud had one that has
is almost 15 years old with me and
then to the csn who with the girl born in
92 for by princes
and then material if there are five thousand
pieces will be held the traded the bets
up to date because he became like
a taboo of anglo saxons in the team
the clock will hang on the cloakroom
before each match is set on time
of indispensable referee for the timing
of a successful preparation it's done
part of the details that and 50 what
changing outfits and other universes
the steward of the rct civilian employees at the
naval base the arsenal takes its service
rugby is always present prégnant
gilles panzani equally diligent between
the guns of warships
middle of these jonny ti jonny
wilkinson invites himself to the base not
really surprising that Sunday of the month
for johnny yeah senghor the title you
can you please you can see him
because it has deteriorated a bit here
you see there as usual
and if you can a little tinker this
because they really care about this
kind to what we know the one he
had for ages I see the
world cup what the English scorer the
rct does not want to part with it
gilles is responsible for entrusting
best technicians in the company
jacky then feels invested with a
responsibility in shots on goal
nickel the repair he broke
he's happy he'll be happy on
lifted his I 'm for nothing me good
actually it is the repair does not
do not hold stability here you go
the models pass I stopped from
to shake I am I am happy
always the contribution about to help us
especially because there with the
only disposable balloons is still there
with my little one with the parents the end
warm up like that then and me
samson louis and i do not know exactly
what risk I say I will do neither he nor
others
gilles as friends cover all his
players its heat in the center
hardy chic workout is
always very wanted his silhouette there
is familiar since 1987 when he
stop his playing career at the guard
near toulon in federal 1 where he signed
an honorable course for young people
rc Toulon with a lost eye following a
work accident
I played a long time like this until
day when I took a good
alemany
it was a dog or not blues I
I stopped because I stopped
for 26 years when daniel herrero was
coach gilles panzani has seen some
character characters succeed each other
at the foot of Mont Faron
no nostalgia simply emotion
at the option of the times not twin to
embarrassed smiles tana umaga auction
announce I said to myself ah j third is
a great emotion
I love the song closer to the stars
I'm closer to the stars
freshness because for me it's
wonderful what I could not
paying for trips I could not go
new zealand i could not go in
australia there in south africa
but i want to mattafin i see maxime
hostages near Amiens and Russians
today they are there they come they
are better it would be too good a little
to be and sometimes the stars are not
those we suspect I do not know
history knows him the story not
to look at it not existed is not everything
this is copied 10 and the
library that's all what
let his rc Toulon come to him all
only this is the history of the rugby club
Toulon I have a lot of respect for
him because they work 24 pages
yellow is mexico towards his son and
of humor and jokes
this is what he knows very friendly
and who wants all laughed so with
you minots the people you
know the story as the lord
give me his trust does it depend
days daniel raymond fernandez jean
claude ballatore in the mess
imitations are the force of the show
panzani
but behind the facade of the comic
the humanism of the character
he helped me in the knowledge of
players in the mindset of the players
in the temperature of the players it was
by far the best placed I think there is
a lot of the info he did not tell me
given because the players had him
certainly privately but
it was the friend and the confessor the saint
saints the mayol stage
gilles panzani becomes guardian of the temple
here is here mayol the cloakroom
of equipped so here jonny wilkinson all
the time here
fred michalak by the crisis masoe
bakkies botha jalali and panzani game but
I'm here I 'm always at this
conversely the jealous of his little
territory in this unbeatable place
for nothing in the world he would exchange it
if your life oh I think the tip
is successful
from the top of mont faron more than a century
rugby these shots gilles panzani
he will have left his mark and you
noted it as jonny wilkinson has
extended his contract there will be more
work at the